I think my main goals with the internship program are to discover what type of specialization of computer science I want to go into, to learn more about future job searching and general life track stuff, and develop a sense of confidence in the workplace. I am certain there are others, but at the moment I cannot think of any, but if I do I will mention them in future reflections. Let me elaborate some of those goals. Essentially, I had kind of discovered that for CS, when you enter the workforce, there are a lot of different specializations. Within software engineering and development, there is web development, back end, front end, machine learning, game development, general software engineering and so many others. As such, I realized I had to pick what kind of specialization I would be comfortable in and would enjoy. Additionally, I have always been a little unsure about what job searching in Computer Science and general life advice stuff is like, so having access to mentors definitely helps in that regard. I got great advice on what I should do after graduating, and it allowed me to start to plan for the future again. And the last thing, is to develop a sense of confidence. Without getting too much into it, I think everyone’s mental health took a slight hit during the pandemic, and I found that I had lost confidence in my abilities and my knowledge. As such, I hoped that through this internship, I will able to regain some confidence in those aspects.

The internship so far has been pretty good! I think it has allowed me to see that I do quite like Ruby and by extension, web development. I am unsure if that is something I want to do for the long term, especially front end stuff, but I really do like the idea of creating a product and creating something tangible. With that said, I do enjoy many aspects of our internship and what we have learned. I think as mentioned earlier, my goal in achieving the mentoring I need was definitely satisfied. Not only do I have you as a mentor, but I also have my ITS mentor and she introduced me to other people to talk to as well. And all of you have given me great advice in that regard. I think the last goal is still a work in progress, since we haven’t yet done anything super tangible with our Ruby on Rails stuff, and the whole setup mishap does do a slight dent to my self confidence, for instance, I am worried I will have issues like this in future jobs, and the environment I am in then may not be as friendly as the one I am in now. I just hope to get out of this setup phase soon and actually get started on stuff. 

But all in all I really like our internship so far! So thank you for that!
